Added GCP Ocean Integration docs (#1159)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/build-your-software-catalog/sync-data-to-catalog/cloud-providers/gcp/gcp.md

          properties:
            location: .location
            topicMesssageRetentionDuration: ".versioned_resources | max_by(.version).resource | .topicMessageRetentionDuration"
            pushConfig: ".versioned_resources | max_by(.version).resource | .pushConfig"
            retainAckedMessages: ".versioned_resources | max_by(.version).resource | .retainAckedMessages"
         relations:
            project: ".project"
          # highlight-end
```

The integration makes use of the [JQ JSON processor](https://stedolan.github.io/jq/manual/) to select, modify, concatenate, transform and perform other operations on existing fields and values from Google Cloud's Cloud Asset API events.

### The integration configuration structure

The integration configuration is a YAML file that describes the ETL process to load data into the developer portal.

- The `resources` section describes the Google Cloud resources to be ingested into Port.
  ```yaml showLineNumbers
  # highlight-next-line
  resources:
    - kind: pubsub.googleapis.com/Subscription
      selector:
      ...
  ```
- The `kind` field describes the GCP resource type to be ingested into Port.

>   The `kind` field should be set to the GCP resource type as it appears in the [Supported Asset Docs](https://cloud.google.com/asset-inventory/docs/supported-asset-types).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The field's value should be set to the GCP resource type as it appears in the [Supported Asset Docs](https://cloud.google.com/asset-inventory/docs/supported-asset-types).
```

This is done by assigning a [Service Account](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/service-account-overview) to the exporter, and granting that identity the required permissions to your GCP Organization.

As part of the installation process, you will be provided with the default required permissions that the exporter will have to your GCP Organization.
This will be defined by specifying the [permissions](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/service-account-overview#service-account-permissions) that the exporter will be allowed to perform on your GCP Organization.

Here is an example of permissions that could be assigned to the exporter:

```yaml showLineNumbers
"cloudasset.assets.exportResource",
"cloudasset.assets.listCloudAssetFeeds",
"cloudasset.assets.listResource",
"cloudasset.assets.searchAllResources",
"cloudasset.feeds.create",
"cloudasset.feeds.list",
"pubsub.topics.list",
"pubsub.topics.get",
"resourcemanager.projects.get",
"resourcemanager.projects.list",
"resourcemanager.folders.get",
"resourcemanager.folders.list",
"resourcemanager.organizations.get",
"run.routes.invoke",
"run.jobs.run",
```

## Getting started

> Continue to the [installation](./installation.md) guide to learn how to install the GCP exporter.

Reviewer: Again, call it an integration and not an exporter
